feat(illustration): DLT-2590 add playlist (#789)
dialpad/dialtone: .github/CONTRIBUTING.md

## Overview

> ### What is dialtone?

Reviewer: Capitalize `D`

.d-banner--success {} // Modifier
```

### Generated classes

While most of the classes you find in `lib/build/less` are available to users and documented on the doc site, one exception to this is d-internals. d-internals definitions are found in [utilties/internals.less](../lib/build/less/utilities/internals.less). These are definitons we use within Dialtone to generate classes, and are not meant for use by consumers of Dialtone.

### Immutable utility classes

All of our utility classes are set to `!important`. This is because they are designed to be immutable, and `!important` is the best way we have of achieving immutability in CSS.

### CSS vars

> We use CSS vars in our classes for better reusability. We try to always use CSS vars `var(--su12)` over less vars `@su12` in our code, however we often use LESS vars to help generate CSS vars.

Reviewer: Suggested: 
"We use CSS vars, also known as [CSS Custom Properties](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/--*), in our classes for better reusability."

Dialtone follows [SemVer](https://semver.org/) for versioning and the commit message convention used in the project is aligned with SemVer by describing the features, fixes, and breaking changes made in commit messages.

## How we manage work

> We use Jira to manage our work and you can visit our [current board and backlog](https://switchcomm.atlassian.net/jira/software/projects/DT/boards/187/backlog) assuming you are an authenticated Dialpad employee. Below we will define how we use our Jira board so team members and external contriubutors are all on the same page.

Reviewer: Suggested: "...can visit the [Dialtone board and backlog]..."

### Issue Types

#### Dev Story

A "Dev Story" is a small portion of work estimated and completed by the development team.

#### Design Story

A "Design Story" is a small portion of work estimated and completed by the design team.

#### Proposal

> Proposals can be submitted by anyone with access to the jira board. For each proposal it will be decided if we will do it, in which case it will be groomed into a story. After we discuss a proposal in a grooming meeting it will be turned into a story or multiple stories.

Reviewer 2: "For each proposal it will be decided if we will do it, in which case it will be groomed into a story. After we discuss a proposal in a grooming meeting it will be turned into a story or multiple stories." sounds a bit redundant?

Suggestion: 
For each proposal, after discussion in a grooming meeting in the Design System team and if it's accepted, it will be turned into a story (or multiple)

### Estimation

We estimate on an 8 point fibonacci scale of complexity during our grooming sessions. We only estimate work that gives explicit business value, so that means that only "Dev Stories" and "Design Stories" are estimated. Every sprint we should only be allocating story points for about 70% of developer work time. The other 30% is allocated to everything else a developer has to do: participate in meetings, fix bugs, support users, research technical spikes, review etc...

### Prioritization

Each Jira ticket has a priority which can be defined as the following:

- **urgent**: we immediately pull it into the current sprint and begin working on it.
- **high**: is quite important but not so important it is immediately pulled into the sprint.
- **medium**: of moderate importance, the default priority level, the majority of our stories will probably be this.
- **low**: not a priority, it is unlikely we will pull these into a sprint unless they are very low effort, or become a higher priority at a later time.

> Just because an item is high priority does not necessarily mean it will be pulled into the sprint before a medium item. The priority is how much business value this particular task will provide, however the rank (sort order) of the backlog is the order in which items will be pulled into the sprint. The rank is determined manually by the product owner (brad/francis in this case) and can be based factors other than just priority, effort for example.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Just because an item is high priority does not necessarily mean it will be pulled into the sprint before a medium item. The priority is how much business value this particular task will provide, however the rank (sort order) of the backlog is the order in which items will be pulled into the sprint. The rank is determined manually by the product owner (@braddialpad / @francisrupert in this case) and can be based on factors other than just priority, effort for example.
```

#### Order / Rank

In the backlog we always try to keep our jira items sorted in this order from top to bottom:

- Bugs
- Spikes
- Stories / Proposals

Within each of these categories, items marked todo should always be above items marked needs definition. The top items of needs defintion are next to be groomed, and the top items of todo are next to be pulled into the sprint.

Proposals are mixed in and ranked with stories as they will eventually be turned into stories.

### Square bracket categories

We use these to categorize our work by preceding the title of the Jira ticket by one of the below tags. These are long running categories and unlike epics will never be "completed". Try to use just one if you can, but if necessary multiple can be used.

- `[Component]`: this story changes all components or multiple components.

> - `[Dropdown(or any component name)]`: this story includes change to only the dropdown component.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `[Dropdown(or any component name)]`: this story includes change to only the dropdown component. Without Dt prefix and in title case format.
```
